story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 1990 american psychological
thriller film called misery
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
famous romance novelist paul sheldon
finishes his first novel after his hit
series
misery featuring the character named
misery chastain
he leaves his writing lodge in silver
creek colorado to submit his manuscript
to his agent in new york
on the way there paul gets caught up in
a blizzard the snow proves to be too
much for him and his 65
mustang skids off the road and traps him
in a ditch
through his hazy vision paul sees a lone
figure pulling him out of the car wreck
before he loses his consciousness
paul wakes up two days later and finds
himself inside the house of annie wilkes
annie tells him that she's his number
one fan she also tells him how he broke
both his legs and dislocated his
shoulder
but he shouldn't worry since she's a
nurse she couldn't get him to a hospital
since it was too risky because of the
blizzard and she couldn't call because
all the phone lines are down
she tells paul that she's read all of
his misery books and asks him if she
could read the last manuscript that he's
written
paul happily obliges as she feeds him
some soup
annie brings up the amount of profanity
in his manuscript telling him that it
bothers her
paul says that it's normal since these
characters are slum kids
this riles annie up as she protests
strongly she shouts at paul telling him
that she doesn't talk to people like
that
she spills the soup on the bed fueling
more to her anger
and lashes out at him for making her do
it this change of character in his
caretaker surprises paul
he feels a heavy pit in his stomach that
something's not quite all right with
annie
later that night as paul lay sleeping
annie storms into the room
angry and upset she has just read the
last book of the misery series
she accuses paul of murdering her
favorite character misery chastain
feeling shocked at the outburst he
rationalizes this by telling her that
women often died in childbirth during
that time annie doesn't accept this and
goes on a rampage
she screams and protests for misery to
be brought back
in a fit of anger she grabs a piece of
furniture and slams it into the wall
above paul's headboard
as annie leaves the room she reveals
that she actually hasn't called the
hospital
his agent or his family nobody knows
that paul's there and that he should
wish that nothing happens to her because
if she dies
he will die too as the investigation for
paul's disappearance continues
the sheriff calls the state police and
the fbi for help
in wilkes's house annie brings a grill
into paul's room
she places his new manuscript on the
grill and douses it with gasoline
annie demands that paul burn his latest
work and that he should write a new one
to bring misery chastain back to life
as she puts away the burned book a
helicopter passes by the house
it's the sheriff with the state police
looking for the 65 mustang
they pass by annie's house oblivious to
the horrors happening inside
the next morning annie sets up a desk
and a typewriter by the window so that
paul can write his new book
this time to bring misery back from the
dead as annie leaves the room to get
some paper
paul spots a hairpin on the floor he
immediately devises a plan for escape
when annie comes back he tells her that
she got the wrong paper and that the
brand she bought gets smudgy when used
this upsets her and she lashes out at
paul again after accusing him of being
ungrateful
she slams the ream of paper on his legs
causing paul to wither in pain
she slams the door shut and heads
outside to town
wanting to waste no time paul grabs the
hairpin from the floor and uses it to
unlock the door
he heads for the front door but finds it
locked too desperate for a way out
he explores the house in his wheelchair
and almost drops a ceramic penguin off
the table
he goes to the pantry and spots the
painkillers he takes as much as he can
stuffs it in his pants
he then makes his way to the back door
in the kitchen it's locked and paul is
on the verge of giving up
he hears annie's car coming in and the
instinct to survive kicks in
he hurriedly drags himself back to the
chair as she makes his back to the house
he closes the living room door and locks
himself in his room just in time as
annie enters
meanwhile the sheriff and the state
police finally discover paul's 65
mustang
they haul the car away and call a press
conference they report paul to be
presumed dead
considering the weather and a search
will be granted once the snow thaws
the sheriff inspects the marks on the
wreckage as he listens to the report
paul couldn't have crawled out of the
car by himself there was someone with
him with a crowbar who pried open the
car
once he's alone paul works on another
escape plan
he collects the powder from the pills he
got and stores it away in a piece of
paper
now he only has to think of a way for
annie to take the pills without her
knowing
he goes to the writing table and
pretends to do her bidding by starting
on the new book to bring misery back to
life
annie reads the first few drafts and
demands that paul rewrites it again
he doesn't understand the need to
rewrite and this triggers annie's temper
she screams at paul lashing and yelling
out her fiery monologue telling him that
she feels cheated
seeing no other choice paul rewrites the
first few chapters to annie's liking
taking advantage of her good mood paul
then suggests that they have dinner that
night to which annie agrees gladly
any waste no time in preparing a
meatloaf dinner for the both of them
as they eat paul suggests a toast to the
new manuscript
he pours the wine and then distracts
annie by telling her to get some candles
as she leaves paul pours the pill powder
into her glass
but when annie comes back she
accidentally spills the glass of wine
paul tries to hide the look of dismay on
his face that was his last chance of
getting out of that horror house and now
it's gone
annie then leaves the house to go to
town taking this chance to escape
paul makes his way to the kitchen and
grabs a knife as he makes his way back
to his room
he spots an open photo album in the
living room he flips through it and
finds numerous newspaper clippings about
annie's life
the deaths of her husband and a nursing
student reports about infant deaths at
the ward she worked in
and articles linking to her arrest in
days in court for murdering the infants
horrified paul leaves the album and goes
back to his room
the next morning paul finds himself tied
to the bed
any accuses him of venturing out of his
room she knows he's been out because her
ceramic
penguin on the table always faces south
the only way it could have moved is if
someone moved it
she then reveals the hair pin and knife
that she discovered hidden away under
his bed
outraged annie places a block of wood
between paul's feet and takes out a
sledgehammer
paul asks for forgiveness and begs her
to not do it but it's too late
annie slams the sledgehammer into his
feet breaking both of his ankles
paul can only scream out in pain as he
stays paralyzed and pinned down on the
bed
back in town the sheriff spots annie and
asks the townspeople about her
he learns that she's apparently a huge
paul sheldon fan
following his gut the sheriff conducts
more research about her and finds
newspaper clippings about her days in
court
in one photo he spots a statement annie
made after she was freed
it was the exact same line from one of
the misery books this rouses his
suspicions and prompts him to pay a
visit to the wilkes's house
seeing the sheriff's car annie sedates
paul and throws him into the basement
just in time as the sheriff makes it to
the front door the sheriff explores the
house but sees nothing peculiar
seeing this as his only chance of escape
paul drags himself on the basement floor
and pushes the grill over
making a loud noise the sheriff catches
this and goes back inside the house
he opens the basement door to find paul
on the ground but before he could say
something
annie shoots him point plank with a
shotgun she then tells paul that it's a
sign from god that they must be together
forever
as she gets her gun paul hides a small
can of gasoline in his pants
he convinces annie that they must finish
the book first to immortalize misery
before they kill themselves
she helps him go back to his room to
finish the last chapter and goes out to
get a cigarette
a match and a bottle of champagne annie
comes back to paul with a lighted match
in his hand and his final book doused in
gasoline
she begs him not to do it but it's too
late he sets his manuscript on fire
as annie tries to salvage his work paul
lifts up the typewriter and bashes it on
her head
and he recovers quickly and tries to
strangle him
struggling for his life paul pushes his
fingers into her eyes
prompting her to let go he pushes her to
the ground and she takes out his gun and
shoots him on the shoulder
he grits his teeth in pain but lunges at
her on the floor
they struggle and she misfires her gun
losing her last bullet
paul slams her on the floor and makes
her eat the burning pages of the book
annie kicks him in the groin and as
she's about to hit him he trips her feet
her head hitting the edge of the
typewriter this renders her unconscious
for a few minutes as paul struggles to
get out of the room
halfway out annie jumps on him from
behind and he bites her hand
as she tries to strangle him paul pushes
himself on the floor
reaching for the sculpture standing a
few feet away from him
he grabs the sculpture and with his last
strength smashes it into annie's face
annie stops in her tracks blood spilling
from her face
and she slowly slips down paul pushes
her dead body away and takes a breather
and he's dead and he's finally free 18
months later
paul sheldon makes his way to a new york
restaurant to meet with his agent
she hands him the latest copy of his new
book and tells him all about the good
reviews
after a few praises she then suggests to
paul that he write about his experience
while he was in captivity
he politely declines refusing to dig up
his worst memory so that they could make
a few bucks
as he recounts his trauma paul's mind
plays one final trick on him disguising
a waitress to be any wilkes
he shakes off the illusion to see a
normal waitress who then tells her that
she's his number one fan
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching